My bag is a high-quality imitation.
yiyi
Your cousin doesn't even have a real job
How can I possibly buy this expensive bag?
Impossible Impossible
What the second aunt said is that when my job is stable, I will definitely buy a real one for our Nan Nan.
On the contrary, cousin, this package price is worth hundreds of thousands, right?
Chen Fei bought it for me
Too bad it's fake
Whose bag do you say is fake?
Don't think you're all out for me
It's hard to come back once.
Won't you let me be clean?
Cousin, it will be late after dinner with your cousin-in-law
Why don't you live in a mansion with your cousin?
Yes Nan Nan
You and that revival
It's not easy to come back
Don't go tonight
OK
Listen to you
We are husband and wife
Sleeping separately can be suspicious
You can just settle on the floor tonight
Sister, the floor is so cold
You'll feel bad if I catch a cold.
bear
Sister, you are the best to me.
Okay, you have the heart, right?
Have the heart
But you are not allowed to cross the 38th parallel
38th parallel